com/example/recipes/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.recipes.RegisterActivity
 com.example.recipes.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.recipes.RegisterActivity$1$1
com/example/recipes/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.recipes.BuildConfig
com/example/recipes/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.example.recipes.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.example.recipes.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
com/example/recipes/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.example.recipes.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/example/recipes/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.recipes.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/recipes/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.recipes.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/recipes/ui/home/MyAppGlideModule.java
 com.example.recipes.ui.home.MyAppGlideModule
com/example/recipes/databinding/ActivitySingleRecipeBinding.java
 com.example.recipes.databinding.ActivitySingleRecipeBinding
com/example/recipes/databinding/ContentScrollingBinding.java
 com.example.recipes.databinding.ContentScrollingBinding
com/example/recipes/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.recipes.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/recipes/ForgotPasswordActivity.java
 com.example.recipes.ForgotPasswordActivity
 com.example.recipes.ForgotPasswordActivity$1
 com.example.recipes.ForgotPasswordActivity$1$1
com/example/recipes/databinding/ActivityAddRecipeBinding.java
 com.example.recipes.databinding.ActivityAddRecipeBinding
com/example/recipes/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.example.recipes.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/example/recipes/databinding/ActivityForgotPasswordBinding.java
 com.example.recipes.databinding.ActivityForgotPasswordBinding
com/example/recipes/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.recipes.LoginActivity
 com.example.recipes.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.recipes.LoginActivity$1$1
 com.example.recipes.LoginActivity$2
com/example/recipes/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.example.recipes.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 com.example.recipes.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
com/example/recipes/MainActivity.java
 com.example.recipes.MainActivity
com/example/recipes/databinding/RecipeListItemBinding.java
 com.example.recipes.databinding.RecipeListItemBinding
com/example/recipes/ui/home/RecipeModel.java
 com.example.recipes.ui.home.RecipeModel
com/example/recipes/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.recipes.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/recipes/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.example.recipes.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/example/recipes/databinding/IngredientItemBinding.java
 com.example.recipes.databinding.IngredientItemBinding
com/example/recipes/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.example.recipes.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/example/recipes/RecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.recipes.RecyclerAdapter
 com.example.recipes.RecyclerAdapter$1
 com.example.recipes.RecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/recipes/AddRecipeActivity.java
 com.example.recipes.AddRecipeActivity
 com.example.recipes.AddRecipeActivity$1
 com.example.recipes.AddRecipeActivity$1$1
 com.example.recipes.AddRecipeActivity$2
 com.example.recipes.AddRecipeActivity$3
 com.example.recipes.AddRecipeActivity$4
 com.example.recipes.AddRecipeActivity$5
com/example/recipes/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.recipes.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.recipes.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.recipes.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.example.recipes.ui.home.HomeFragment$RecipeViewHolder
 com.example.recipes.ui.home.HomeFragment$RecipeViewHolder$1
com/example/recipes/SingleRecipeActivity.java
 com.example.recipes.SingleRecipeActivity
 com.example.recipes.SingleRecipeActivity$1
 com.example.recipes.SingleRecipeActivity$2
